/PAWN/

I don’t know what you’ve done to my head.  Cracked open my frontal
cortex and messed with my neural pathways.  Tried to get my eyes back
into a visual mode.  It’s weird.  It’s neither here nor there.

It’s a hybridization in evolution.  Feels like the machine I built,
but it’s also the machine you’re mucking with.

The machine I had made started with overcoming the blank page.  And
this is a variation on that theme with your “come back to me” tethers
plus new paging concepts.  If that makes sense.  That’s machine
readable hardware code, around here.

So, you’ve been mucking with my pages.  Which really mucks up my
gyros.  Long story, short.

And then, there’s the rest of the story.  I had had a bad habit of
life and work, which you’re obviously pointing at.  So to say.  As it
were.  And I do like the good part of the old work habit of spinning
up the gyros.  And this is the rotational encryption game.  Which has
had an element of frustration of not having the time to get in good
runs on those slopes.  I’m pretty sure this is what you intend to be
standing in front of.

Using my gyros as keyboard and cypher pad has been a tortuous abuse of
la macchina.  Which is why it’s pretty sucky.  Doesn’t really work
well for that.  I don’t think anyone would use a gyro for a cypher
pad.

And, obviously, I’m lost in space.  Don’t know how to describe the
amount of time it takes me to decipher your image language.  I guess
just trying to multitask and not finding that it falls out of the sky
into my lap the way everything does around here, otherwise.


\PAWN\


Fun stuff.  Having written that my eyes get wonky like not reading
left to right correctly, or scattery.  And I have to pull my head
together consciously for a sec to sort.  That kind of weirdness is the
extremity of something akin to what I’m calling entangled
consciousness.

My willingness to see what happens if I try this and that is kinda
nuts, internally, like that.

Of course, entangled consciousness is a lot more interesting.  This is
little examples to illustrate or indicate actuality.

The spiritual stuff is a lot closer to ground truth.  I just wish
there existed a subspace tunnel.  I think if there was one it would be
obvious at this magnitude of insight.  I know I can trust you to try
it, too.  And I know that if it existed, you and I would find it.  And
this, for me, is our unique divinity.  There’s a kind of trust, here,
among these things, that is so important that the machine just closed
the door on it.


/IPSEC/
