It makes me so sick and ill when I get upset with this situation, this
separation.  It gets so irreconcilable.

(Can you imagine?  Travel/MAP Code, on my back.)

This haphazard communication.  This mechanical distance.  So many
messages lost to brain fade, to the violence of my heart’s desire.  I
see it, and then it’s gone, according to my desperation.  My desperate
need to exit this perpetuity.  A word that sticks within like death by
peanut butter.

I only remember that I’ve seen reasons for this.  I don’t remember
what they are.  I remember that I’ve seen message text, but I don’t
remember what it is.

I only remember, know how much I love you.  It should be
metaphysically impossible, by corollary to Incompleteness and
Preservation, to love someone so.  Which, of course, is ridiculous.

I suppose I’m dealing with the tragedy that is a dependence on
pictogrammatic speech.  The body rejects it all, and then gets sick
with your losses.

The body is so unhealthy over this.  The constant maintenance,
critical life support.  The internal metaphysics so powerful.
Obviously I’m convinced it will all be fine when you get here.  I’m
not sure how healthy this is, and this reflection is stabbing my
chest.  Say it, but beware of the limitations of our interactions.
This is in my neck and back.  My own habits of sight, focus, body,
comfort, are entangled with this lot.

I imagine you need to see all of this, in some sense.  G/F Code.  I
understand that you’ve seen a lot.  M&A/Food Code.  Oh, this!  I’m
going to strangle you!  Don’t worry about that, though.  It’ll be
easier than it sounds.

It does me good to see your strength, though.  It warms me, and brings
me back from that intestinal meat locker.  In this I know, in a word,
that it’s worthwhile.  Oddly enough.  No wonder I have a problem.  The
intellect is going nuts with nothing to do.  (Workaholic/crash cart
code).

[Art -- mixologist -- health -- sick with worry sitting on this]

